Rebel and debris Pile in the streets
bustling with people in gaza's densely
populated nsat refugee camp Israeli Jets
have destroyed many buildings here and
bombarded many
homes this is despite Israel telling
many Palestinians to move here from the
north for their safety the camp is south
of the central Wy area habir and her
family were in their home when Israel
bombarded the entire area it's a
strategy that Israel has been using to
wipe out entire neighborhoods during
this war abier says the building
opposite to their home housing shops and
offices is what was targeted but
regardless of the civilian homes in the
neighborhood Israel bombed it all with
no prior
notice
my memories my home is all my memories I
would never let it go I lived for 23
years here I will stay in it even if
only a small part of it remains even if
it's not safe after the ceasefire ends I
shall remain patient in my
home as the days of the ceasefire come
to an end the people at newat refugee
camp fill the streets trying to enjoy
some rest fight and safety after nearly
2 months of Israeli
bombardment people here say they've
spent most of the ceasefire on the
streets trying to secure some food and
supplies for their families before
Israel's attacks resume but the soaring
prices and shortage of basic supplies
have had their toll on the People
Too the prices are soaring because of a
lack of supplies everything is expensive
to buy this has never happened in our
lives before I just hope that after all
this suffering that we've endured our
children will live better and happier
lives the people of Gaza don't know what
to expect after the ceasefire ends but
for now they say they want to live fully
and enjoy every moment of each day y Al
jaat in the central Gaza
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer